Problem 11. Programming Languages

#1 - "C" 

C is now considered a moraly old language because it is rather primitive and decaying.
It is still used in in some fields but mostly because there is no other alternative avaible (OS,hardware 
device drivers, embedded devices).

#2 - "C++" 

C++ is a very complicated language compared to C#. It takes a lot of time to learn and master and the
productivity of a C++ programmer is significantly lower than that of a C# programmer. Also the C++ language is good 
for crating applications that work closely with the hardware but for all other purposes its inadequate.

#3 - "PhP"

Php is a language that works good for small scale web sites and web applications, if you want to create something thats 
not web based Php is not a good choice.Because of various evolutionary reasons, PHP is a language that tends towards 
low-quality programming. To write good PhP code a lot of knowledge and experience is necessary.

#4 - "Java"

Java and C# are considered very good object-orientated languages. They share many features that make the 2 languages
very competative and widely used by programmers.Some of the things that make C# better are:It supports native 
resource-management idioms; It's deeply integrated with Windows; It has Lambdas and LINQ and more.
Also a very strong C# feature is that its easier to learn.

#5 - "Python"

Python is a dynamic, strongly typed, object oriented, multipurpose programming language, designed to be 
quick (to learn, to use, and to understand), and to enforce a clean and uniform syntax.
Python can be used for any programming task, from GUI programming to web programming with everything else in between.
It's quite efficient, as much of its activity is done at the C level. Python is just a layer on top of C.
The main advantages of C# over python are: Excellent Windows integration, including access to all standard
GUI functions and other libraries; JIT compilation, resulting in better performance than Python; Visual Studio.